Jonathan Figg: Okay, we are doing to the intake for blaze last
Jonathan Figg: Night there need to turn on your sound. If you can see me.
Jonathan Figg: Can you turn on. I think she's talking to somebody else.
Jonathan Figg: Can you
Jonathan Figg: Do sitting next to a truck.
Jonathan Figg: Hi, can you turn on your sound.
Jonathan Figg: You turn on your sound.
Jonathan Figg: Hello.
Jonathan Figg: Still gonna cover.
C210AE: Up, I guess.
Jonathan Figg: Now, can you hear me.
C210AE: I can hear you but I don't see you or nothing.
Jonathan Figg: Okay, so I'm gonna I'm gonna pull it to turn
C210AE: I guess, stop.
Jonathan Figg: There we go. Hi there.
C210AE: Hi. Oh, I don't see you but as long as you see me. I guess it doesn't matter.
Jonathan Figg: To me.
Jonathan Figg: You should be able to
C210AE: See it looks, it keeps I keep leaving the meeting because I keep pressing the back button. Hope it helps get to see you, but
C210AE: Ah wanted
Jonathan Figg: To your
Jonathan Figg: Web browser instead of those
C210AE: I don't know. I know I'm I have the zoom app, but I saw you at the beginning and then I pressed. I wanted to speak and now just
Jonathan Figg: Okay.
Jonathan Figg: Well, now I
Jonathan Figg: I can see you. It looks like you said.
Jonathan Figg: My name is Dr. Phil and you get to see me for a second there at least. My name is Dr. Favorite one of the doctors with bright heart. How are you doing today.
C210AE: I'm alive.
Jonathan Figg: Okay, that's a good start, I think, how can I help you today.
C210AE: Well i'm suppose I wanted to get I've been on I've been getting my meds through a doctor for almost 20 years
C210AE: And so I had a I had a successful life with my meds and I'm like, about two months ago I was kicked out of my last clinic because I missed one to me doctor's appointments so um for two months only I've been buying stuff off the streets because I've been withdrawing so much, you know,
C210AE: So I'm just trying to get back on my soapbox on. That's all I'm trying to do.
Jonathan Figg: I see. Okay. Alright, so let's
C210AE: Talk about four years. And before that, I was on methadone for 16 years
Jonathan Figg: Uh huh.
Jonathan Figg: Okay, well we can we can certainly work on that today.
Jonathan Figg: So you were, you were previously on Suboxone. Did you have a stable dose.
C210AE: Yeah, I was. I took one eight milligram strip. OK. OK.
Jonathan Figg: And then you, you had to stop that, because I guess it sounds like they discharged you because you didn't miss meetings or
C210AE: Appointments the day my doctor's appointment, because my document was that for
C210AE: That day I went in early and I talked to my counselor for like 20 minutes and let her know what was going on that date night or no, I might be missing my appointment. I'm not sure. And so I thought that would maybe be good enough, but it just wasn't, I guess. Okay.
Jonathan Figg: Okay, and before that. What was you were on to your on Suboxone for the last four years that stopped. Two months ago.
C210AE: Yeah, yeah. Only one of the years was through a doctor. The other three years I bought this or boxing off the streets.
Jonathan Figg: See, okay.
C210AE: And then before that I was on methadone for like 16 years or something. All through the clinic.
Jonathan Figg: Okay, I'm sorry. So was the Suboxone through the same clinic. There's the Methadone
Jonathan Figg: No, no. I see. Okay. All right. Um, tell me about what happened that lets you get it on methadone, I guess, almost 20 years ago.
C210AE: I used to be a hardcore gangster. I was up for like 10 years and I didn't eat tears, basically. And I got clean. I didn't ever felt good. Again, a couple years went by and
C210AE: I started getting a Viking and somebody would give me I would take it at night to help me sleep.
C210AE: And one day I took it in the morning and I gave me quality of life. I felt so good that I told myself, right. Then I'll never go another day without opiates and so
C210AE: That's why I've been on opiates for so long, because again, gave me quality life.
C210AE: With the two years after I got off crank. I didn't even leave my couch. I didn't feed my kid. I just couldn't catch a grip. I didn't shower and then the opiate changed my world. And so I just found them ever since.
Jonathan Figg: Okay and so
Jonathan Figg: You, you, you said you took a blanket and that's what
Jonathan Figg: Started what what led to you getting onto method.
C210AE: Because it's legal. It's easy. It's easy. I didn't have to go and try to find meds, all the time.
Jonathan Figg: Gotcha. Okay. Okay, so that
C210AE: That lifestyle. I'm, I'm a normal functioning person. I had a business for many 14 years. That was really successful as PTA mom as a big part of my church.
C210AE: I started clothes closets all over the community where I'm from, and and that's what that's what my meds do for me. You know, I thought, well, that's
Jonathan Figg: That's what we want. Certainly.
C210AE: Good. So you are functional. It's not having the only problem with opiates is not having them, you know,
Jonathan Figg: There is the withdrawal. Okay.
Jonathan Figg: Right. Okay. Um, and then. So you said in the past few months you've been buying the Suboxone
C210AE: When's the last time.
C210AE: No, I haven't. I didn't get Suboxone nobody I can't find it. I'm new to town out here. So all I can. Three is I never even heard of it before. It's basically I'm taking fentanyl basically but they call it Red Rock.
Jonathan Figg: Okay, do you bet you would mind something so that you work on withdraw.
C210AE: Yeah. Bob I'm buying anything I can get my hands on basically
Jonathan Figg: Okay, well, we want but but you want to get back on the Suboxone
C210AE: Because that
Jonathan Figg: Kept you functional. Okay.
C210AE: Well, it's legal, and why I don't want. Why do I want this life. This is fucking stupid trying to drive withdrawing every day. I mean, I, I've missed out on jobs and everything now. I mean, it's been two months have been horrific. Okay. Okay.
Um,
Jonathan Figg: Let's see. Are you allergic to anything.
No.
C210AE: Okay.
Jonathan Figg: Do you take any other medications.
No.
Okay.
Jonathan Figg: Have you ever been hospitalized relating to opiates.
No. Okay.
Jonathan Figg: When's the last time you had anything
C210AE: And let's see what it was yesterday morning.
Jonathan Figg: Okay, is that you had Red Rock that
C210AE: You're talking about right. Okay.
C210AE: Yeah, that's a new thing out in this town. But it's basically made with fentanyl this you know
Jonathan Figg: Cut with cut with. We don't know what right
C210AE: Right, I think, sugar, it's it's killing people every day out here, you know,
Jonathan Figg: Yeah, that
Jonathan Figg: Was a scary thing. Absolutely.
C210AE: I'm responsible responsible with it because I'm not trying to get loaded. I'm trying to just feel like a human. No. Okay. Okay.
Jonathan Figg: Do you have any history with alcohol.
C210AE: No. Okay.
Jonathan Figg: And have you had any surgeries in the past.
C210AE: I had surgeries.
C210AE: I'm 44 now and I had my surgeries. When I was like 16 or 17 I was hit by drunk driver.
C210AE: A long, long time ago. Okay.
Jonathan Figg: Is that what started you on something.
C210AE: No, I told you what started me. I felt like such shit and for years and one day I took an opiate and it made me feel good.
Jonathan Figg: I understand.
C210AE: I understand that part but I
C210AE: Wasn't like addicted to anything when I started on when I went in Macedonia wasn't addicted to anything I I purposely went and put some opiates in my system just like it, you'll get on the Methadone clinic.
C210AE: I've never been a heroin addict or anything like that. I just need opiates because it gives me quality life. That's it.
Okay.
C210AE: I'm medicine attic of it now because
C210AE: That's I'm always going to take opiates, no matter what.
Jonathan Figg: Okay, okay, I understand.
C210AE: Alright, it's possible, maybe I would feel good. Without them, it's just
C210AE: Hard to get to a point I had someone to have to support me while I was trying to come down and all that and and there's just like there's no time for that. I don't have anybody in my life to, you know,
Jonathan Figg: Gotcha.
C210AE: Okay, one day, if I ever had the opportunity to or somebody actually wanted to help you and help support you and shit. Maybe I'd give it a try, but I don't see that happening in my life. Okay.
Jonathan Figg: So you were on the stable dose of the Suboxone they did they ever talk to you about a slow type or anything like that.
C210AE: Um, God no.
Jonathan Figg: Okay.
C210AE: All right, I would. I know I asked that one. If that's the if that's their agenda and I like to know that right off the bat, because
C210AE: There's no I don't boast. There's no reason for it. I'm a functioning. Good. I mean, I'd rather I'd rather
C210AE: I'd rather have quality of life or be dead doesn't do. Why would I want to, you know, I mean,
Jonathan Figg: I understand. Okay, so let's talk about the way bright heart works. Okay.
Jonathan Figg: We are an addiction treatment and recovery promotion.
Jonathan Figg: Program. We operate by telemedicine. So all of our interactions are done through zoom, which is what we're using right now.
Jonathan Figg: We are structured around weekly support groups.
Jonathan Figg: So those are about an hour long. It's kind of like an NA or a meeting.
Jonathan Figg: We group people up with other people who have had a history with
Jonathan Figg: Substances opiates, who are in various stages of recovery to support each other. The group is led by a counselor or therapist.
Jonathan Figg: Who has a history with addiction treatment. It's about an hour long. It starts with a check in with the doctor to make sure that you have medication that you're on a good dose, you're not having problems with it.
Jonathan Figg: That all of your questions are answered. So you do get access to your doctor basically every week basis, just for a minute or two. If you have any issues and certainly longer if you need
Jonathan Figg: That's the end. So that's the way bright heart works. We do want people to be engaged in the weekly support groups because we feel that it's very important to continue promoting recovery, you talked about how functional you were, which is an excellent thing and we want to promote that.
Jonathan Figg: Do you think you'll be able to commit to weekly
C210AE: So is it is anytime of the day, or my sister, not have a job.
Jonathan Figg: No, so there's
Jonathan Figg: There, there are groups at various times, we have a lot of availability, it would be at a consistent time each week.
C210AE: Okay, it can it be late at night.
Jonathan Figg: We do have some that are later in the evening. Yes.
C210AE: Yeah, because any the job. I just got a job yesterday and I was supposed to be working right now but
C210AE: I couldn't go because I don't have work boots or gas money but i'm i'm consistently trying to I've gotten many jobs like four really good high paying jobs in
C210AE: The last couple months and just can't go cuz I'm so down and out. But I keep trying, hoping to maybe America will happen, and all the jobs. I'm going for are like 10 hour long days, you know, from 830 or eight till. Okay, whatever. So it's nighttime is the only if I had to do.
Jonathan Figg: Something later in the day or understand
C210AE: If it's if it's not going to be late in the evening, then I don't know how they expect you to get a life if you have to tell your jobs that you know I gotta go take my hour, an hour break or whatever, you know,
Jonathan Figg: Thanks, Shane.
Jonathan Figg: I understand. Yeah.
Jonathan Figg: We do have doctors who run groups in the evenings. I don't, but we do have doctors who run groups in the evening that may be better for you.
Jonathan Figg: What I would suggest for you withdrawing now.
C210AE: What
Jonathan Figg: Are you are you in withdrawal now.
C210AE: Yeah, yeah, it's, yeah, it starts small but then it gets within a few hours, it gets worse and worse and worse and worse, you know,
Jonathan Figg: What's your, what's your pattern of symptoms, what starts first and then kind of
C210AE: Helps me it's like yawning and and sneezing, runny nose, that's all the mild stuff and and then once it starts eating more severe. I feel like a mumbles contorting, you know, I, you can't stay still at it makes me want to kill myself by the second day
Jonathan Figg: Okay, so where are you now in that process.
C210AE: I'm at the very beginning. Okay.
Jonathan Figg: Should have yawning, and maybe some
C210AE: Very beginning. I just know that it's coming you know
Roger
C210AE: A couple times very beginning
C210AE: About 24 hours. I know it's coming in any minute, you know,
Jonathan Figg: Gotcha. Okay, so let's talk about Suboxone here because that's important. So you understand Suboxone is an opiate you understand you're dependent on it if you stop it, you withdraw.
Jonathan Figg: You understand all that I know.
Jonathan Figg: Suboxone will hold on tire in your brain to those receptors and other things, including fat and also if there's anything left in your system. When you take that Suboxone it okay but you enjoy worse withdraw.
Jonathan Figg: Withdraw so it needs to make sure that you're at least in modern withdrawal. So you're not really at the very beginning, you need to be a little bit further along in that withdrawal before you take your first dose of spots.
C210AE: Right, yeah, I totally understand it because it's an opiate blocker to
Jonathan Figg: Right.
Jonathan Figg: So, it prevents the action of other things. So, but I stress it because I don't like seeing people go into precipitated withdrawal. It's very unpleasant.
Jonathan Figg: The if you are on a stable those previously. I think that's a good place to start. Are you still there. I think I lost you.
Jonathan Figg: There she is. Okay, here we go to be get you back.
C210AE: Are you there that meeting just fucking up this completely does he disappeared when I
Jonathan Figg: See the park, you know,
C210AE: High. I don't know what just happened. Sorry about that.
Jonathan Figg: That's okay. Sometimes the reception can be funny, you
C210AE: Can keep the media. I stood up. So that must have done something
Jonathan Figg: I can hardly hear you.
Jonathan Figg: Okay.
Jonathan Figg: Can you hear me okay
C210AE: I've been this mic.
C210AE: Okay.
C210AE: Okay, so are you talking cuz I don't know if I can hear you.
Jonathan Figg: There we go.
Can you hear me now.
C210AE: I guess we can't hear each other. It says nope that's normal. I can hear you. I can't
C210AE: I know you just talk, but I can't hear you at all.
C210AE: I'm gonna put my chair back where it was. I guess and dude cannot
C210AE: Let's see. Okay.
C210AE: Can you hear me.
Jonathan Figg: Yes, I can hear you.
C210AE: Yeah, we can't hear each other. OK, I can hear you.
Now,
C210AE: I'm gonna ask her to reconnect decided make shit up.
C210AE: Jonathan
C210AE: Oh, you can hear me okay well I can't hear you. Okay, that's weird. I guess I'm muted. I just don't know how to unmute it
C210AE: This little button should do it. It's just not working.
C210AE: Hey, maybe didn't hear me now.
Jonathan Figg: Yeah, I can hear you.
C210AE: Okay, cool. Now we can
Jonathan Figg: There we go. Okay, wonderful. I don't know what that was but
C210AE: We got it sorted. Okay. Sorry about that.
Jonathan Figg: It's okay so what what I think we should do your you're clearly uncomfortable.
Jonathan Figg: You're going to continue to be in which all until you get a dose of sandbox. So, which I think is right for you. It sounds like you were very functional before on it.
C210AE: And I think is way better than it works better. It's the best thing that's ever worked for me. I never need more. I never take extra nothing like that. It says, It's a wonder drug. You know, good. Okay.
Jonathan Figg: So what I think we should do is I'll write you a script for the Suboxone I'll send it right now is the the pharmacy that I have is dollar drug on West college Avenue, is that
C210AE: Correct for you.
C210AE: Yeah.
C210AE: I can't even tell you how fucking thing for lying because life is so hard right now. Um, there's no hope in my life and at least to have my meds, I can hopefully give my get some help, you know,
Jonathan Figg: Okay so much. Okay, I need to. I need to be clear. It's not going to change whether I write your script, but are you feeling like hurting yourself right now.
C210AE: No, I mean I sometimes I wish I could disappear, but I don't never have the guts to hurt myself. Okay. I have a son.
C210AE: Okay, I would little dog to eat right, my sweet, sweet good
Jonathan Figg: So what I'm going to do is write a script for the sandbox. So to your pharmacy right now. I usually tell people you know give the pharmacy, at least an hour to sort stuff out.
C210AE: Make sure they feel it like like he said, I probably wait, just to make sure I'm and more withdrawn, like you said, you know, right.
Jonathan Figg: So if your last us especially
Jonathan Figg: If you took fentanyl fentanyl is difficult because we can never guess how long it's going to
C210AE: Last person.
C210AE: I'm sorry I moved from one more distinct next to me, I hope.
C210AE: We don't get disconnected.
C210AE: Okay, yeah. Well, it wasn't that good because the way it was made. I never
C210AE: It wasn't that great.
Jonathan Figg: But yeah, I would say if you can't get I'm going to do two things. I'm going to write your script for Suboxone. Yeah, and I'm going to write your script for quantity which
Jonathan Figg: Is a medication, we use to help them.
Jonathan Figg: What's that
C210AE: That's awesome. No, that's awesome. Somebody would
C210AE: Want him.
Jonathan Figg: To produce
Jonathan Figg: Those symptoms of withdrawal.
Jonathan Figg: Because I I think based on the fact that you took fentanyl so you should wait until tomorrow morning to take your dose of Suboxone
C210AE: Because they
Jonathan Figg: Don't want it to put you into precipitated withdrawal. Does that make sense.
C210AE: Right. Oh yeah, totally. I understand. I've done it wants to myself like 15 maybe 10 years ago.
C210AE: I accident. I'm a male. It was right, which was about some came out whenever that was I took one and within 45 minutes I thought I was dying and said, you're in force withdrawal. I was like, oh my god. Right.
C210AE: Okay, so
Jonathan Figg: One for Suboxone one for quantity. That way you can take your first box home tomorrow and you can use the quantity
C210AE: Today,
C210AE: To get through the withdrawal.
Jonathan Figg: Do you get really nauseated as it progresses.
C210AE: And yes,
Jonathan Figg: Okay, so I'm going to write your script for zero friend as well, which is an anti nausea medication.
C210AE: That the thing, the thing that makes me feel the most crazy is that leg cramps.
Jonathan Figg: So usually
Jonathan Figg: Helps for that. Yeah.
C210AE: It does. It's only a day so I can handle anything for a day, you know, right, yeah.
Jonathan Figg: short period of time.
Jonathan Figg: And then it's gonna the Suboxone will help
Jonathan Figg: And then I'm going to have since you need a group LATER AT NIGHT, which I don't I don't do the later I groups.
C210AE: I'm going to have the care coordinator. I'm not
C210AE: I'm not for sure confident because I'd like I said I got the job. And I couldn't start it. So technically, I don't have a job right now. So who knows what my next job will be, but I'm
C210AE: I'm so I don't want is that going to my permanently stuck in that group or am I let it change it if my situation changes.
Jonathan Figg: Know if your, if your situation changes if your job changes or something like that. Yeah.
Jonathan Figg: We just we wanted to be consistent, week to week but if you suddenly have a life change where you go, Why do that time anymore, then I can chew. You know,
C210AE: Okay, cool.
Jonathan Figg: Yeah, it's, it's like
C210AE: Like
Jonathan Figg: It really is. It's a support group. It's not meant to be punitive or anything like that. It's to help encourage your recovery.
C210AE: That's what know places using like that. It's usually a punishment thing, you know. And I always thought, This isn't a recovery, man. You know, so that
Jonathan Figg: We. We. Yeah. We want people to share and we want people to support each other so
C210AE: Jobs, the most important thing to me. I want to work. I like working
C210AE: As a grownup. What are you doing, you should be working, you know. Okay, good.
Jonathan Figg: So I'm big because of your schedule. I'm going to have the care coordinators who you talk to, before me.
Jonathan Figg: Talk call you again and figure out a time because I don't know all the other doctor
Jonathan Figg: Schedule. So they'll figure out a time that works for you. Okay.
C210AE: Okay, I can't believe this is happening. I felt like, man, I just thought my life was over the last couple months. So I'm so thankful
Jonathan Figg: I'm glad we can help.
C210AE: Um, so I can write your script right now.
Jonathan Figg: Um, if you have a lot of users.
C210AE: And I'm going to tell everybody about guys I know a lot of drug addicts and I'm going to tell everybody about you guys because nobody knows this exists. I took me hours of research to find out this evening. So I'm spreading the word man. Okay.
Jonathan Figg: So if, if you run into any challenges at the pharmacy if they want. They say insurance they need forums or something like that, where
Jonathan Figg: They're not covered or something like that, please call our virtual clinic again so that we can work on it from our side just
C210AE: Just so you know. Okay.
Jonathan Figg: Okay. Sometimes, sometimes manpower and stuff like that.
Jonathan Figg: For forms.
C210AE: But we never know ahead of time. Okay.
C210AE: Okay.
C210AE: All right, they are not my insurance, you'll be
C210AE: Lucky
Jonathan Figg: Okay. All right. If you run into any problems just call our virtual clinic and let us know so we can help you. Okay.
C210AE: All right, what do you like what do I call I call the same number. I call it, I call it different number for the virtual clinic.
Jonathan Figg: The virtual clinic is the number you call before me.
C210AE: So the 901
C210AE: All right. No.
Jonathan Figg: No, the one that I know what is my number.
C210AE: OK, so the very original number. Okay, thank you.
C210AE: Yes, ma'am. Okay.
Jonathan Figg: And then I'll write your script right now. Any other questions or concerns, I can answer.
C210AE: For you right now. So, so I still go in in like an hour or two, and try to pick up my meds.
Jonathan Figg: I think you should. I think you should try it because we won't know if we have extra work until you try and pick them.
C210AE: Up. Yeah, thank you so much.
Jonathan Figg: Okay. My pleasure. It was nice to meet you. Blaze. I'm sure we're gonna do our best to help you let us know if anything comes up. Okay.
C210AE: All right. Thank you. Thank you.
Jonathan Figg: My pleasure. Have a good day.
C210AE: Bye bye care.
Bye bye.
Jonathan Figg: Okay so Blaze is clearly uncomfortable. She's very restless because she's
Jonathan Figg: Withdrawal she
Has
Her problem was would be opioid abuse and opioid dependence.
Jonathan Figg: Her cures. I pulled her cured report while we're talking
Jonathan Figg: And it shows us on
Jonathan Figg: A nice stable dose of Suboxone for a period of time there.
Jonathan Figg: In the last I think was 2000 and 2019 that ended in November 2019
Jonathan Figg: And I pulled her
Jonathan Figg: Let's see, I reviewed or as a
Jonathan Figg: Questionnaire which was not conservative or Odyssey spoiler zero. And then, or excuse me, that was on our expert in our as and
Jonathan Figg: She's not suicidal and she's appropriate first box, and especially since she was stable in the past.
Jonathan Figg: Alright, and so we're going to keep her on milligrams per day Suboxone and then we'll set her up with a later you think appointment. Hopefully she. What's your job.